README.md, before:

# Refectoring Horiseon Example 

Restructure the source code of a tasked application or piece of software so as to improve operation without altering functionality.

## Getting Started

These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for development and testing purposes. See deployment for notes on how to deploy the project on a live system.

add igm here 

## Built With

* [HTML](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML)
* [CSS](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS)

## Deployed Link

* [See Live Site](https://vubao2303.github.io/Refectoring-example-site/)


## Authors

* **B Tram Vu** 

- [Link to Portfolio Site](#)
- [Link to Github](https://github.com/vubao2303/Refectoring-example-site)
- [Link to LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/tram-vu-866250121/)

See also the list of [contributors](https://github.com/your/project/contributors) who participated in this project.

## License

This project is unlicensed

## Acknowledgments

* Boiler plate was given by Trilogy Ed.

Commit message:

adding technologies used to README file

README.md, after:

# Refectoring Horiseon Example 

## Summary 

Restructure the source code of a tasked application and improve operation; making sure all the links work properly, all the img tags have alt attributes, and structuring the code in semantic HTML elements. 

=================
![Image](01-html-css-git-homework-demo.png)

# Lists
### Unordered Lists
- Add nav tag to follow the semantic structure
- Add id tag to link to make sure the link works properly 
- Add header and footer to the code to follow semantic structure
- Eleminate some div tags and create section tags to follow semantic structure 
- Add alt attributes to img tags 
- Orgnize CSS file by consolidate selectors with the same properties 

## Technologies Used
- HTML - used to create elements on the DOM
- CSS - styles html elements on page
- Git - version control system to track changes to source code
- GitHub - hosts repository that can be deployed to GitHub Pages


## Deployed Link

* [See Live Site](https://vubao2303.github.io/Refectoring-example-site/)


## Authors

* **B Tram Vu** 

- [Link to Portfolio Site](#)
- [Link to Github](https://github.com/vubao2303/Refectoring-example-site)
- [Link to LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/tram-vu-866250121/)

See also the list of [contributors](https://github.com/your/project/contributors) who participated in this project.

## License

This project is unlicensed

## Acknowledgments

* Boiler plate was given by Trilogy Ed.
